two wheels TV is proudly powered by
broadly delivering serious bandwidth for
serious business
brother print copy scan fax label and so
much more
and trp for Bridgestone tires welcome to
the share of this week we get to ride a
unique new motorcycle in our broadening
bike test that we also have thunder bike
action from Pakeezah hold on tight
now you all know what one of these is
it's a battery of course but if you made
one much much much bigger and stuck it
into a motorcycle you would have an
electric motorcycle of course but it's
all been a bit of a myth than a bit
confusion because they've never really
worked well that has all changed
immediately with the advent of zero
motorcycles which is what we're riding
today
you've probably never heard of zero
motorcycles but let me tell you right
now they're made in the US of A so it's
not a piece of junk by a long way and a
really interesting fact is the head of
zero motorcycles is actually South
African Peter Duval is his name and he
used to run BMW South Africa then BMW
Germany motor out there BMW USA and now
he's moved on to be the top dude behind
zero motorcycles and with that sort of
power he certainly knows how to market
this buy this is not a toy or some sort
of weird scooter it's as serious as this
lot behind me those cars this is a
genuine bona fide super economical form
of transport designed for daily use and
I mean economical with a capital e
so what is the story with the economy I
think well one this bite will have a
range in sport mode which means it's
really really fast and will accelerate
as quick as wait for it as a Ferrari can
you believe that
but in that mode you'll get 100 KS put
it in Eco mode and ride up and down
through town because it's a genuine
community shall we say and you will get
over 200 kilometres and we've been told
to fully charge it which only takes five
hours through that charging point it's
the same price to charge this bike as
boiling one kettle of water which cost
next to nothing then you get 100 case
driving really fast and I mean really
fast and then if you're riding through
the town cycle we're when you shut off
this motor regenerates power
backing to the battery how clever is
that bit like Formula One car I think
then you get way over 200 kilometers on
one day who goes to welcome back with
200 kilometers on their clock charge it
ride to and from work all for the same
price of boiling one kettle full of
water so what's it like to ride well
it's like riding a very very quiet
motorcycle look it's a motorcycle with
an off-road ability this is the dual
sport one so you can go up road we will
never stall you can't stall this thing
but in the real world super smooth a
super quiet and a decent level of
performance it will reach 150 kilometers
an hour instantly I mean really quickly
and it's governed for that so that you
don't chew on the batteries it's
something really surreal about just
wafting along in total silence beside
the big word from the engine minds me of
an old ski electrics actually remember
those with the trigger
perhaps you should swap this ultralight
throttle what are those trigger things
now maybe not that wouldn't work the
zero D s as obviously off-road ability
it's as upside down forks fully
adjustable nobly like tires for the on
off-road spoke wheels a floating wavy
disc and as you work your way back
obviously
the batteries are all hidden away those
lithium cadmium thingies are hidden away
in the middle beam frame beautiful
cantilever swing on with mono shock
fully adjustable ability and a skinny
little belt drive and if you're
wondering why the belt is so skinny it's
of course to reduce friction and make
the thing quicker and not sopping power
the headlight does remind me a bit of
Japanese motorcycles don't you think the
new modern ones no names mentioned and
nothing wrong with that at all because
it's super efficient of course no
clothes leaver no brake lever which
takes a bit of getting used to it is
jabbing away the seat is super
comfortable and I for one really really
like the styling I think it's very
European there are three riding modes on
this motorcycle which you can see here
Eco mode makes it go further but
produces less power and torque put it in
sport mode though you reduce the range
birds believe me this thing is seriously
quick then then the custom mode where
you can alter everything that talked the
engine braking by going onto the Xero
website and downloading an app that goes
on your modern smartphone the technical
specifications on this bike certainly
made for interesting reading because the
electric motor is certainly like nothing
we've ever tested before or spec wise
the chassis nothing really different
they're all basic stuff but the most
interesting thing is without doubt that
fantastic warranty and I think the price
is worth every cent of the 0ds and
cayenne world you are the importers of
this through an amazing thing where you
can own one for only one thousand nine
hundred and fifty random um work that
out leave you for before in the garage
cut down on your phone bills you'll get
one of these for free because it costs
nothing to run and I've discovered an
even cheaper way to make it run because
if you go around your mates houses at
night
you can charge you then then you don't
have to pay for anything at all